another aspect of that big northeast
storm we were talking about a few
minutes ago this past weekend that still
has over a hundred thousand people here
in the east in the dark it churned away
at a lot of beautiful beaches it caused
a lot of coastal erosion in some places
those lucky enough to own beachfront
property pitch in to have the sand
restored in a lot of cases involving
public beaches you get to pay for it
through your tax dollars putting back
what nature has taken away
however fugle that may be with ocean
levels predicted to rise everybody loves
the beach unless it's a lost cause
our fleecing of America reports a tide
from NBC's Ron Mott beyond the beach
grass on the North Carolina coast it's
rainy Sam
part of an expensive facelift called
nourishment that you were paying for no
matter who paid for we can't hold the
line
and the sight of it all gets under order
dopey skin we can't keep the throne in
flavor we can't have status quo is not
going to work
we've got to do something different
though coming out there spending tax
money here to pay a lot of people the
people pokey concedes benefit most are
Beach block property owners he says
but it has meant lots of dollars and
cents for contractors as we've reported
before you know the expression throwing
good money after bad this may be a
perfect example 1.5 billion fuss over
the past 20 years to dredge and relocate
say him from the ocean floor like
placing sand out there it provides a
false sense of security and also blame
that provides a sense of entitlement to
property owners who think that the
federal government should come on in and
puts enemies periodically in perpetuity
eight and a half million dollars to
shore up this Beach and several others
here in North Carolina but it lost
something changes the sand will simply
wash away in just a few years possibly
followed by yet another dumping of
taxpayer money
coastal officials that Mommy is pushing
for either your government right four
hundred fifty million dollars in the
next federal budget about nine times
that the president proposes argue the
upside far outweighs the cost beaches
are America's number one tourist
destination tourism is America's number
one industry why would we not want to
invest federal dollars in a project and
there's so important to them to the
entire country
though critics say what's most important
is recognizing beach nourishment is
awash in futility and fleecing America
grandma NBC News Kure Beach North
Carolina and we're back